fix: validation swap msg and offerCoinFee ceiling (#436)
tendermint/liquidity: x/liquidity/spec/03_state_transitions.md

### Swap Fee Payment

> To minimize the impact of fee payment process, receive fee half from `OfferCoin`, and the other half with `ExchangedCoin`

Reviewer: This is just suggestion. How about changing to this?

```suggestion
Rather than taking fee solely from `OfferCoin`, liquidity module is designed to take fee half from `OfferCoin`, and the other half from `ExchangedCoin`. This smoothens out the impact of fee payment process.
```
